---
title: "NOW that's what I call progress 2"
subtitle: ""
coverImage: ""
ogImage: ""
date: "2021-03-20"
author: Anthony Chung
---

## Interview Dance

Onsites, algorithms, tech screens, and storytelling. This has traded off significantly with a personal project. At first, I wanted to take 3-6 months off to build it. However, I've accepted that my path in life has temporarily required me to seek stability over taking a riskier course of action. I'm adapting the plan to challenge myself to work on it within the constraints of free time for now.

Given the ambition of the project, I'm investing upfront time in design, specifications, and documentation. I think this'll extend the longevity/scalability.

## Cutting weight

I got a Levels membership + am loosely tracking macros/calories consumed to get a better handle on my daily glucose levels and diet patterns. Fighting the urge to layer on all the cardio and nonsense first. Aiming for 1-2 lbs of bodyweight lost per week. I also have a scan coming up. Ready to cry about those post-Hawaii gains. It's the prerequisite for competing in a sport I've been training for over the past 4 years. So. Gotta do it.

Will he make it back to 140 lbs? Only time will tell.

## Increasing interest in Dapps 

NFTs have started to take off (Rare Bits was a bit early to that party I suppose), so I'm revisiting how ownership and contracts can work. This is split into a few learning initiatives.

1. Experimenting with the Reach programming language
2. Understanding how the Crypto Kitties smart contract works (both KittyCore and GeneScience)
3. Learning how Ethereum rollups help the ecosystem scale